Remove deprecated import convention "Krakow_Hielscher" in from_euler() (#259)
pyxem/orix: CHANGELOG.rst

-------
- `StereographicPlot` methods `azimuth_grid()` and `polar_grid()`.
  Use `stereographic_grid()` instead.

> - `fromo_euler()' no longer accepts "Krakow_Hielscher" as a convention, use "MTEX" instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `from_euler()` no longer accepts "Krakow_Hielscher" as a convention, use "MTEX" instead.
```
